In the day's other news:
Congressional Republicans
and the Trump White
House celebrated their
latest win in a
special election.
Republican Karen Handel held a
GOP House seat in the Atlanta
suburbs, beating Democrat Jon
Ossoff in Tuesday's vote.
It was the most expensive
U.S. House race ever, and both
candidates called for unity
last night.
KAREN HANDEL (R), Georgia
Congresswoman-Elect: To the Jon
Ossoff supporters, know that my
commitments, they extend to
every one of you as well.
We may have some different
beliefs, but we are part of
one community, the community of
the Sixth District.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JON OSSOFF (D), Georgia
Congressional Candidate:
We showed the world
that in places where no
one thought it was even possible
to fight, we could fight.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JON OSSOFF: We showed them that
we can still build coalitions
of people who may not see
eye to eye on everything, but
rather than demonizing each
other, we find common ground
to move forward.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Another
special House election
in South Carolina was
closer than expected,
but Republicans won
that one as well.
President Trump tweeted that
Democrats are losing because
they're obstructing action
on health care and tax cuts.
He's in Iowa this evening
for a campaign-style rally.
Meanwhile, Montana Republican
Greg Gianforte formally
joined the U.S. House today.
He won a special election
last month, despite
body-slamming a reporter.
He's since been convicted
of misdemeanor assault.
Today, House Speaker Paul
Ryan presided as Gianforte
took the oath of office.
He replaces Ryan Zinke, who
became interior secretary.
The FBI confirms the
gunman who opened fire
on House Republicans
last week acted alone.
Investigators said today that
James Hodgkinson of Belleville,
Illinois, had no ties to any
terror group.
He attacked lawmakers
at a baseball practice
in Alexandria, Virginia.
House Majority Whip
Steve Scalise was gravely
wounded, and the hospital
upgraded his condition
to fair today.
A police officer was stabbed
at an airport in Flint,
Michigan, today, and the FBI is
looking at it as an
act of terrorism.
Officials charged a Canadian man
who came to the U.S. last week.
The man yelled "God is great" in
Arabic and made comments about
Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan.
The officer was stabbed
in the neck, and officials
later said he was at a
hospital and his condition
was satisfactory.
In Saudi Arabia, the
kingdom's ailing 81-year-old
monarch elevated his
much younger son to the
role of successor today.
The decision comes at a moment
of economic challenges and
high tensions with regional
rival Iran.
MAN (through translator):
The custodian of the
two holy mosques, King
Salman bin Abdulaziz
Al Saud, has issued
royal decrees.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The
announcement was read
on state television.
King Salman named his son,
31-year-old Mohammed bin Salman,
crown prince, next in line to
the throne.
He also became interior
minister, in charge of security.
The king's nephew, Mohammed
bin Nayef, lost both titles.
But he appeared with
the new crown prince,
and pledged loyalty.
MOHAMMED BIN NAYEF,
Nephew of King (through
translator): I am content.
I am going to rest now,
and may God be with you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The
announcement capped
Prince Mohammed's meteoric
rise to power since
his father assumed
the throne in 2015.
Peter Waldman, a writer for
Bloomberg Businessweek, profiled
the young prince last year.
PETER WALDMAN, Bloomberg
Businessweek: He wants to bring
entrepreneurship and initiative
and kind of a high-tech
sensibility to Saudi Arabia.
On social issues, he is
relatively progressive,
meaning that he clearly
can see a point in
time when women will be
driving and can essentially
travel and take jobs
without their husband's
or male guardian's permission.
HARI SREENIVASAN: He was
already defense minister,
and firmly opposes
dialogue with Shiite Iran,
fierce rival to the Saudis
and their Sunni allies.
Prince Mohammed has
also overseen the Saudi
military campaign against
Yemen's Shiite Houthi
rebels in a proxy war
with the Iranians.
PETER WALDMAN: His confrontation
with Iran across the Persian
Gulf is a bit dangerous.
He has said and is willing
to do military interventions
in Yemen, most notably, where
lots of civilians have
died in this ongoing war.
People worry that he doesn't
necessarily have the wisdom
of age and experience.
HARI SREENIVASAN: On the
domestic side, the prince has
championed economic reforms.
He wants to reduce the country's
dependence on oil, and allow
an initial public offering
of stock in the state-owned
oil giant, Saudi Aramco.
The elevation of Mohammed bin
Salman came after he met with
President Trump during the
president's visit last month.
The White House said
President Trump called
Prince Mohammed today to
offer his congratulations.
Elsewhere in the Middle East,
President Trump's son-in-law and
senior adviser, Jared Kushner,
spent today in the region,
pushing Israeli-Palestinian
peace talks.
Kushner met first with
Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu.
Later, he met with President
Mahmoud Abbas of the
Palestinian Authority.
In Iraq, the Islamic State
group has destroyed a
historic mosque in Mosul.
The centuries-old site is
where the group's leader,
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi,
declared a so-called
Islamic caliphate in
2014, shortly after
ISIS captured the city.
It comes as Iraqi forces are
pushing into the Old City,
the group's last stronghold
in Mosul.
There's been a new confrontation
in the skies over the Baltic
Sea for the second day in
a row.
Russia released footage today
that shows a NATO fighter
jet near a plane carrying the
Russian defense minister.
Then, a Russian fighter
moves in, before the
NATO plane pulls away.
NATO says it was following
standard procedure.
Back in this country, Tropical
Storm Cindy crawled toward
the Gulf Coast, drenching a
stretch from Eastern Texas
to the Florida Panhandle.
Both Louisiana and Alabama
declared emergencies
over fears of flooding.
The storm is expected
to make landfall near
the Texas-Louisiana
border overnight, and
could dump a foot of rain.
Louisiana Governor
John Bel Edwards:
GOV.
JOHN BEL EDWARDS (D), Louisiana:
This will be a severe weather
event that will primarily
consist of threats of rain and
flooding, but there also is
a potential for wind damage
as well.
No one should be under
the belief that this
storm is only going to
affect coastal Louisiana
or Southeastern Louisiana.
This storm is going to
affect the entire state.
HARI SREENIVASAN: A 10-year-old
died on the Alabama coast
after being struck by a log
washed in on a storm
surge from Cindy.
A jury in Milwaukee
has acquitted a former
police officer in the
shooting of a black
man last August.
Dominique Heaggan-Brown
had been charged with
first-degree reckless
homicide in the shooting
of 23-year-old Sylville Smith.
It happened after a traffic
stop and a brief foot chase.
Smith had a gun, but appeared
to be throwing it over a fence.
The shooting sparked
two nights of riots.
The CEO and co-founder
of Uber has resigned.
Travis Kalanick stepped down
overnight amid turmoil at
the ride-hailing company.
Uber faces allegations of
sexual harassment and theft of
trade secrets, plus a federal
investigation into whether
it misled local regulators.
And on Wall Street, the Dow
Jones industrial average lost
57 points to close at 21410.
The Nasdaq rose 46 points, and
the S&P 500 dropped a point.